Declaring variables and data structures in Javascript
	This lesson should have examples of declaring basic data types to object such as

		Booleans True/Fales			var isMale = true ;
		Numbers as integers			var myInteger = 7;
		Numbers as decimal numbers 		var myNumber = 6.95 ;
		Strings  				var mySting = "Hello World";
		Arrays   				var anArray = ["Once","Upon","a","time"];
		Objects  				var someVar = {a:"Jim", b:45, c:[1,2,3] };
	Your lessons sould move include discussions about why variable declaration is important.
	IE using the keyword var.
	Note: you dont need to declare variables with the keyword var.
	Your testing code should check for the keyword var in the source code.
	Your testing code should check for the existance of the data types
	along with the values of the datatypes.
	Your testing might also include testing of output if your program outputs to 
	the output window, this may be helpful to demonstrate hwo to show values. 
	You could/should include mcq questions in your lesson to test general knowledge. 

Performing Input and Output operations using Javascript. 
	This lesson is all about the various types of input and output that a progarm can use.
	Examples of input and output are given below.
	output types 
		alert("my name is" + nameString );
		// elaborate on the how the function printLn works.
		// it is easy to understand
		printLn("a simple text message");
		primtLn("<H1> Some simple HTML </H1>");
		console.log("another message");
		screen changes, via javascript. 
	input types
		var nameString = prompt("Enter your name:");
		readLn(); // get a line of input from the input screen.
		// and explain how it works.
		HTML button events and calling javascript functions. 

		You should test output from the user 
		as well as testing the source code of the user directly.
	

Doing Calculations in Javascript using Boolean, String and Number
	There are numerous calculatoins that can be done in javascript.
	Your exercises should build up to more complex calculations.
	you should demonstrate 
		string, boolean, number and array calculations.
	you can or shuold check the basic syntax of the students code
		for example by checking for the existance of variables 
		and functions
	but perhaps most imporantlty by checking the return value or output
	values of the program.
	By checking the final calculation value you are checking that the student
	has sucessfully written the program.

Understanding Conditional operations using Boolean Calculations
	Conditional operators are fundamentally imporamt to
	determining the flow control of computer programs
	demonstration of various boolean operations/calculations 
	should be performed and checked by your program.
	If your exercises ar chained you may be able to 
	walk the user through the process of building a complex examples.
	
Understanding program control, Sequencing Selection and Iteration
	You exercises can domestrate the use of codeing by example
	You should consider individual examples of each type of 
	program control.
		Sequencing - a sequence of program steps.
		Selection statments -
			 if ( boolean ) {//true ;  dostuff(); } else {//false; otherstuff();} ;  

Understanding modular programming by creating and using functions
	This lesson should demonstrate how to define and use functions.
	both named and anonymous functions.
	possibly using anonymous functions with map ?
	as well as possibly using functions inside objects ?

Understanding modular programming by creating and using Objects
	Objects are widely used in computer sience as a way of 
	organising code neatly and realibly.
	YOu should creat examples of how objects are defined and used.
	A couple of examples might be
		a bank account
		a 2D point.
	
Creating graphics using the Canvas object
	Testing that the user has created and is using a canvas object might be
	dificult to do.
	You can test both the source code of the user for simple mistakes 
	as well as the existance of a canvas object once it is created.
	You can create canvases with oversized pixels to demonstrate how canvases work. 

Creating sound using the Audio object
	You should test the users input code.
	You can also test that the audio or video object has been created.
	To test the the user has sucessfully created or used a video or audio object
	you can put a message inside the audio or video object so that 
	the student can only know the answer if they sucessfully play the audio/video object.

